Adds `Tooltip` component (#501)
commercetools/ui-kit: src/components/tooltip/README.md

# Tooltip

#### Description

Tooltips display informative text when users hover over or focus on an element.

#### Usage

```js
<Tooltip
  position="left"
  label="If you buy a pizza, you will also get a free ice cream :)"
>
  <button onClick={orderPizza({ freeIceCream: 'yes please' })}>Submit</button>
</Tooltip>
```

#### Working with disabled child elements

When you use a tooltip with a disabled element, you need to wrap element in a div, as
disabled elements do not fire events.

```js
<Tooltip
  position="left"
  label="You do not have permission to delete the database"
>

>   <div style={{ cursor: 'not-allowed' }}>

Reviewer: How about we let the tooltip do the wrapping and the consumer can pass custom styles for this wrapper div, in case it's necessary. For example:

```js
<Tooltip
  disabledWrapperStyles={{...}}
  disabledWrapperClassName=""
>
  <button />
</Tooltip>
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure. I'd be as restrictive with UIKit as one can be. Passing `classNames` or `styles` we should maybe avoid for as long as we ever can? Maybe if needed than rather a `renderWrapper` or something to give full control.

Author: Either way it's a trade off. I tried with creating a wrapper div (like we do in `core` Tooltip), and I found it's a lot easier for styling purposes if we don't create a wrapper div.

Reviewer: The styles/classname prop names are on purpose very specific to the "wrapped element", so it's not that we spread them everywhere.

I just find it a bit weird to have to wrap a div, only when in disabled state. It's going to be a "mess" from a consumer perspective

```js
<Tooltip
>
  {isDisabled ? (
    <div style={{ cursor: 'not-allowed' }}>
      <MyComponent isDisabled={isDisabled} />
    </div>
  ) : (
    <MyComponent />
  )}
</Tooltip>
```

Author: @emmenko but then we are just complaining about how the dom / html works. It's not unique to tooltips that disabled elements don't fire events 🤔

Author: 🤷‍♂️ . If we wrapped in a div, we could have like a "display: block" vs "display: inline-block" option.

Reviewer: Whatever works, as long as the API is simple to use.

Reviewer 3: Just leaving my humble opinion here after @montezume explained me both approaches.

I think I'm more with the mindset of Tobi, of not allowing the consumer "insert" custom styles in the component (eventhough this custom style for the wrapping div are not intended for customizing but for consistency I would say).

The reason is because allowing the user to add custom styles is not how the rest of components of UIKit works (maybe just collapsible panel which is quite old). So, for the sake of consistency (API wise) I would vote for just rely on the user to add proper children elements to the `Tooltip`.

If it's well documented, explaining the use case and what you should do to make it consistent in a specific scenario, for me it's more than enough as a consumer 🤷‍♂️ .

Author: I would like to keep the API like it is for now, and if we run into problems with the migration, I'm 100% open to reworking it.

    <button
      disabled
      onClick={deleteDb()}
      style={{

>         pointerEvents: 'none',

Reviewer: Should we make it clear that this needs to be set?

      }}
    >
      Delete production database
    </button>
  </div>
</Tooltip>
```

#### Working with custom child elements

> The tooltip needs to apply DOM event listeners to its child element. If the child is a custom React element, you need to make sure that it spreads its properties to the underlying DOM element.

Reviewer: It would be helpful to list the DOM event listeners that we are referring to (`onMouseOver`, etc)

# Tooltip

#### Description

Tooltips display informative text when users hover over or focus on an element.

#### Usage

```js
<Tooltip
  position="left"
  label="If you buy a pizza, you will also get a free ice cream :)"
>
  <button onClick={orderPizza({ freeIceCream: 'yes please' })}>Submit</button>
</Tooltip>
```

> #### Working with disabled child elements

Reviewer: We should mention that some of our components already support that (e.g. buttons, etc)

When you use a tooltip with a disabled element, you should the style `pointer-events: none` to the disabled element to stop it from capturing events.

```js
<Tooltip
  position="left"
  label="You do not have permission to delete the database"
>
  <button
    disabled
    onClick={deleteDb()}
    style={{
      pointerEvents: 'none',
    }}
  >
    Delete production database
  </button>
</Tooltip>
```

#### Customizing the wrapper

> The tooltip applies event listeners (`onMouseOver`, `onMouseLeave`, `onFocus`, and `onBlur`) to a wrapping component around the passed in component. By default, this wrapper is displayed with style `inline-block`. If you want to customize this behaviour, then you can pass in a custom wrapping element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tooltip applies event listeners (`onMouseOver`, `onMouseLeave`, `onFocus`, and `onBlur`) to a wrapping `div` component around the children element. By default, this wrapper is displayed with style `inline-block`. If you want to customize this behaviour, then you can pass in a custom element.
```

```js
const Wrapper = styled.div`
  display: block;
`;

const FullWidthButton = styled.button`
  display: block;
  width: 100%;
`;

<Tooltip title="Delete" components={{ WrapperComponent: Wrapper }}>
  <FullWidthButton>Submit</FullWidthButton>
</Tooltip>;
```

#### Properties

| Props                  | Type     | Required | Values                                                                                                                                       | Default | Description                                                                                     |
| ---------------------- | -------- | :------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `isOpen`               | `bool`   |    -     | -                                                                                                                                            | -       | If passed, the tooltip's open and closed states are controlled by this prop                     |

> | `leaveDelay`           | `number` |    -     | -                                                                                                                                            | 0       | Delay (in milliseconds) between the end of the user interaction, and the closing of the tooltip |

Reviewer: Nitpick: should we maybe name this `closeAfter` or something similar? I feel that it's less confusing. I don't mind much though...

Reviewer: What about this one? 👆

# Tooltip

#### Description

Tooltips display informative text when users hover over or focus on an element.

#### Usage

```js
<Tooltip
  position="left"
  label="If you buy a pizza, you will also get a free ice cream :)"
>
  <button onClick={orderPizza({ freeIceCream: 'yes please' })}>Submit</button>
</Tooltip>
```

#### Working with disabled child elements

When you use a tooltip with a disabled element, you should define the style `pointer-events: none` to the disabled element to stop it from capturing events.

The Button components from `ui-kit` already support this functionality.

```js
<Tooltip
  position="left"
  label="You do not have permission to delete the database"
>
  <button
    disabled
    onClick={deleteDb()}
    style={{
      pointerEvents: 'none',
    }}
  >

>     Delete production database

Reviewer: 😅
